[gRNAet7B] added documentation about new trigger procedures and deprecated ones (#3325)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/examples/generated-documentation/apoc.trigger.drop.adoc

¦xref::overview/apoc.trigger/apoc.trigger.drop.adoc[apoc.trigger.drop icon:book[]] +

> `CALL apoc.trigger.drop(databaseName, name) | remove previously added trigger, returns trigger information`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CALL apoc.trigger.drop(databaseName, name) | eventually removes an existing trigger for a database, returns the trigger's information````
